feat(mechanics): Mission 'order' field and use to fix 10816 (#10828)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

		"spaceport reminder month" = "month"
		fail

> # minor with order -1 means it is offered only if no other missions apply.
> mission "Spaceport Reminder Resetter"
> 	minor
> 	order -1

Reviewer: The way that minor missions are currently coded to be chosen actually means that the last minor mission in the list is the one that gets run, so we actually want this mission to be higher in the list.
```suggestion
# The minor mission with the lowest precedent is what gets offered, so use
# an offer order of 1 so that this mission is discarded first if there are other
# minor missions available.
mission "Spaceport Reminder Resetter"
	minor
	order 1
```

Reviewer: If that's the case then it sounds like your SortHelper is flipped. Higher order should mean that the mission is closer to the front of the list, not the back.

Reviewer: We don't expect content creators to know SQL, nor do we seek to model ourselves after it.

Reviewer: Then perhaps we rename the token to "precedence".

		"spaceport reminder month" = "month"
		fail

# Old names of the mission above.
disable mission
	"00 Spaceport Reminder Resetter"
	"aa Spaceport Reminder Resetter"
	"AA Spaceport Reminder Resetter"

mission "00 Spaceport Reminder Resetter"

mission "aa Spaceport Reminder Resetter"

mission "AA Spaceport Reminder Resetter"

mission "Spaceport Reminder Resetter Patch"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		or
			has "00 Spaceport Reminder Resetter: offered"
			has "aa Spaceport Reminder Resetter: offered"
			has "aa Spaceport Reminder Resetter: offered"
	on offer
		clear "00 Spaceport Reminder Resetter: offered"
		clear "00 Spaceport Reminder Resetter: failed"
		clear "aa Spaceport Reminder Resetter: offered"
		clear "aa Spaceport Reminder Resetter: failed"
		clear "AA Spaceport Reminder Resetter: offered"
		clear "AA Spaceport Reminder Resetter: failed"

> 		fail

Reviewer: I simply wouldn't bother with all this. The reminder setter's mission conditions aren't used anywhere.
